Add moment calendar conversion utility (#2190)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/utilities/psammead-calendars/README.md

> This package provides a utility to convert calendar dates provided in a `Moment` object to other non-gregorian calendars. For now Jalaali is the only calendar which is being converted, more may be added in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides a utility to format calendar dates provided in a `Moment`(https://momentjs.com/) object to other non-Gregorian calendars that Moment does not support. For now Jalaali is the only calendar which is supported, more may be added in the future.
```

## Installation

```jsx
npm install @bbc/psammead-calendars --save
```

## Calendars

### Jalaali

> The functionality of this helper is to to convert a `Gregorian` calendar moment into its `Jalaali` equivalant and outputting it as a string to be used by other components. This helper relies on `jalaali-js` which contains the logic to carry out the conversions from `Gregorian` to `Jalaali`. Documentation of this dependency can be found [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jalaali-js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The functionality of this helper is to to convert a `Gregorian` calendar moment into its `Jalaali` equivalent and outputting it as a string to be used by other components. This helper relies on `jalaali-js` which contains the logic to carry out the conversions from `Gregorian` to `Jalaali`. Documentation of this dependency can be found [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jalaali-js).
```

> The functionality of this helper is to to convert a `Gregorian` calendar moment into it's `Jalaali` equivelant and outputting it as a string to be used by other components. This helper relies on `jalaali-js` which contains the logic to carry out the conversions from `Gregorian` to `Jalaali`. Documentation of this dependency can be found [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jalaali-js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The functionality of this helper is to to convert a `Gregorian` calendar moment into its `Jalaali` equivalent and outputting it as a string to be used by other components. This helper relies on `jalaali-js` which contains the logic to carry out the conversions from `Gregorian` to `Jalaali`. Documentation of this dependency can be found [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jalaali-js).
```

## Usage

<!-- Description of the component usage -->

```
import Calendars from "@bbc/psammead-calendars"

> ```

Reviewer: Please can you add a proper usage example here?

Reviewer: Sorry I should have been clearer - can you include an example of how to actually use the function that is returned, and what is returned?

Also could you document the behaviour when an unsupported locale is specified?
